research.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Research
heading: Research
permalink: /research/
---

FLORIDA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY  
Department of Physics and Space Sciences   
##### Dr Cs. Palotai  
###### August 2017 - December 2017

I worked on simulations of the Great White Spot on Neptune using the EPIC model. I delivered a poster presentation, Studies of Dark Spots and Their Companion Clouds on the Ice Giant Planets, at the 49th Meeting of the Division of Planetary Sciences in October 2017.
##### Dr D. Ragozzine  
###### March 2015 - May 2017 

I developed a code for the normalization of planetary radii and orbital periods, in order to understand the architectures of exoplanet systems. I delivered an oral presentation, Investigating Normalized Architectures of Multi-Transiting Exoplanet Systems, at the 48th Meeting of the Division of Planetary Sciences in October 2016.
##### Dr C. Neish  
###### August 2014 - May 2015 

I processed images and observations of lunar impact crater properties using datasets obtained by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter and the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico and analyzed impact melt properties using Qview.

#### COMPUTATIONAL SKILLS
I have coding experience in Julia, Python, C++, and am familiar with the Unix environment.

****

#### CONFERENCES AND WORKSHOPS
##### 49th Meeting of the Division of Planetary Sciences (DPS 49), Provo, Utah
###### October 2017
Poster Presentation: *Studies of Dark Spots and Their Companion Clouds on the Ice Giant Planets*

##### 48th Meeting of the Division of Planetary Sciences (DPS 48), Pasadena, California
###### October 2016
Oral Presentation: *Investigating Normalized Architectures of Multi-Transiting Exoplanet Systems*

##### National Radio Astronomy Observatory (NRAO) Community Day Workshop
Introduction to Radio Astronomy, Interferometry, Preparing Research Proposals for Atacama Large Millimeter/Submillimeter Array (ALMA) Cycle 3, Reducing ALMA data

##### American Physical Society's 10th Annual Conference for Undergraduate Women in Physics (CUWIP 2015), University of Mississippi, *January 2015*

****

#### INTERNSHIPS
##### Science Activity Center, Indian Institute for Science Education and Research (IISER), Pune
###### February 2020 - present
As part of the Tata Tech Project, I am assisting with writing lesson plans and reviewing lesson plan video scripts that are being created. I am writing concise explanations of concepts applied in the various science toys / activities that are developed or demonstrated at the Center as part of their educational and outreach efforts.

##### National Center for Radio Astrophysics (NCRA), India 
###### May 2016 - June 2016 
I was selected in the Visiting Student Research Program (VSRP) 2016. I analyzed Giant Metrewave Radio Telescope (GMRT) data of two Damped Lyman-alpha Absorbers: 1452+502 and J0934+3050, and measured their spin temperatures as part of a larger GMRT project to search for redshifted HI-21 cm absorption using the AIPS package for analysis.

****

#### AWARDS
 Dean's List *Fall 2016, Spring 2016, Fall 2015, Spring 2015, Fall 2014*  
 Outstanding Junior of the Year in Physics and Space Sciences *2015-2016*   
 Outstanding Sophomore of the Year in Physics and Space Sciences *2014-2015*

****

Commit message:

more edits everywhere - cv, reslife, research, teaching, work, art

research.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Research
heading: Research
permalink: /research/
---

**Dr. Jessie Christiansen**  
October 2020 - present  
I am working on statistically validating exoplanet candidates detected from K2 data by the EDI-Vetter pipeline (Zink et al 2021) using the VESPA package (Morton 2012) as part of the Scaling K2 project. A paper describing our work is to be submitted by mid-December. 

### FLORIDA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY  
#### Department of Physics and Space Sciences   
**Dr Cs. Palotai**  
August 2017 - December 2017
I worked on simulations of the Great White Spot on Neptune using the EPIC model. I delivered a poster presentation, Studies of Dark Spots and Their Companion Clouds on the Ice Giant Planets, at the 49th Meeting of the Division of Planetary Sciences in October 2017.

**Dr D. Ragozzine**  
March 2015 - May 2017  
I developed a code for the normalization of planetary radii and orbital periods, in order to understand the architectures of exoplanet systems. I delivered an oral presentation, Investigating Normalized Architectures of Multi-Transiting Exoplanet Systems, at the 48th Meeting of the Division of Planetary Sciences in October 2016.  

**Dr C. Neish**  
August 2014 - May 2015 

I processed images and observations of lunar impact crater properties using datasets obtained by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter and the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico and analyzed impact melt properties using Qview.

#### COMPUTATIONAL SKILLS
I have coding experience in Julia, Python, C++, and am familiar with the Unix environment.

****

#### PUBLICATIONS  <a href="https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/search/q=%20author%3A%22bhure%2C%20sakhee%22&sort=date%20desc%2C%20bibcode%20desc&p_=0" target="_blank">ADS</a>

Zink, J.K., Hardegree-Ullman, K.K., Christiansen, J.L., **Bhure, S.**, Adkins, B.D., Petigura, E.A., Dressing, C.D., Crossfield, I.J., & Schlieder, J.E. (2021). 
<a href="https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2021AJ....162..259Z/abstract" target="_blank">Scaling K2. IV. A Uniform Planet Sample for Campaigns 1 - 8 and 10 - 18</a>. The Astronomical Journal, 162.

(in prep) Christiansen, J. L., **Bhure S. S.**, Zink, J. K., Hardegree-Ullman, K. K. et al. Scaling K2. V. Statistical Validation of 60 New Planets From K2 Campaigns 0-18

****

#### CONFERENCES AND WORKSHOPS
##### 49th Meeting of the Division of Planetary Sciences (DPS 49), Provo, Utah
###### October 2017
Poster Presentation: *Studies of Dark Spots and Their Companion Clouds on the Ice Giant Planets*

##### 48th Meeting of the Division of Planetary Sciences (DPS 48), Pasadena, California
###### October 2016
Oral Presentation: *Investigating Normalized Architectures of Multi-Transiting Exoplanet Systems*

##### National Radio Astronomy Observatory (NRAO) Community Day Workshop
Introduction to Radio Astronomy, Interferometry, Preparing Research Proposals for Atacama Large Millimeter/Submillimeter Array (ALMA) Cycle 3, Reducing ALMA data

##### American Physical Society's 10th Annual Conference for Undergraduate Women in Physics (CUWIP 2015), University of Mississippi, *January 2015*

****

#### INTERNSHIPS
##### Science Activity Center, Indian Institute for Science Education and Research (IISER), Pune
###### February 2020 - present
As part of the Tata Tech Project, I am assisting with writing lesson plans and reviewing lesson plan video scripts that are being created. I am writing concise explanations of concepts applied in the various science toys / activities that are developed or demonstrated at the Center as part of their educational and outreach efforts.

##### National Center for Radio Astrophysics (NCRA), India 
###### May 2016 - June 2016 
I was selected in the Visiting Student Research Program (VSRP) 2016. I analyzed Giant Metrewave Radio Telescope (GMRT) data of two Damped Lyman-alpha Absorbers: 1452+502 and J0934+3050, and measured their spin temperatures as part of a larger GMRT project to search for redshifted HI-21 cm absorption using the AIPS package for analysis.

****

#### AWARDS
 Dean's List *Fall 2016, Spring 2016, Fall 2015, Spring 2015, Fall 2014*  
 Outstanding Junior of the Year in Physics and Space Sciences *2015-2016*   
 Outstanding Sophomore of the Year in Physics and Space Sciences *2014-2015*

****
